Improve consuming a service docs (#1750)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/consuming-services/consuming-a-service-apikey.md

3. Select the desired API that requires an API Key for access.
4. This will take you to the API overview page, where you can manage credentials.

#### Generating API Keys.

Choreo allows you to generate API keys for production and non-production environments.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Generating Environment-Specific API Keys.

Choreo allows you to generate API keys for production and sandbox environments.

```

3. Select the desired API that requires an API Key for access.
4. This will take you to the API overview page, where you can manage credentials.

> #### Generating API Keys.

Reviewer: let's keep Environment-Specific here

2. If any API keys already exist, they will be listed here.
3. Click **Generate API Key** and configure the following options:
    - **Key Name**: Provide a suitable name for the API key.
    - **Application**: Select an existing application or create a new one.
    - **Subscription Policy**: Choose an appropriate subscription policy.
4. Click **Generate**. The newly created API Key will be displayed.

!!! note
    If the selected application is already subscribed to the chosen API, the subscription selection step will be skipped.
    If the selected API has multiple environments, an environment needs to be selected during API key generation.

## Consume an API

Use this API Key to authenticate API requests by including it in the `api-key` header when invoking the API.

Example:
```bash
curl -H "api-key: <YOUR_API_KEY>" -X GET "https://my-sample-api.choreoapis.dev/greet"

> ```

Reviewer: Shall we link the manage api keys doc here ?

Author: <img width="1192" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/96ccec94-9a20-4813-abf9-b43a1d417c68" />

2. If any API keys already exist, they will be listed here.
3. Click **Generate API Key** and configure the following options:
    - **Key Name**: Provide a suitable name for the API key.
    - **Application**: Select an existing application or create a new one.
    - **Subscription Policy**: Choose an appropriate subscription policy.
4. Click **Generate**. The newly created API Key will be displayed.

!!! note
    If the selected application is already subscribed to the chosen API, the subscription selection step will be skipped.

>     If the selected API has multiple environments, an environment needs to be selected during API key generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the selected API has multiple endpoints, an endpoint needs to be selected during API key generation.
```
